docs/mshfhw/productivity/main.md, before:

# Продуктивность ГС с МГРП

| № | Название  | Автор  | Год  | doi  | Кратко  | Дата  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | [Simple Analytical Model for Predicting Productivity of Multifractured Horizontal Wells](articles/2009/guo_simple_analyt_2009) | Boyun Guo; Xiance Yu; Mohammad Khoshgahdam  | 2009  | [Ссылка](https://doi.org/10.2118/114452-PA)  | есть газ, расчеты на эклипсе; упругий режим  | 29.01.2024  |
| 2 | [Inflow Performance of a Horizontal Well Intersecting Natural Fractures](articles/1993/guo_inflow_performance_natural_fracts_1993) | Genliang Guo and A.D. Evans | 1993 | [Ссылка]() | однофазка; многофазка; квази-стационарное течение; аналитические формулы; упругий режим | 03.02.2024 |
| 3 | [Inflow Performance and Production Forecasting of Horizontal Wells With Multiple Hydraulic Fractures in Low-Permeability Gas Reservoirs](articles/1993/guo_inflow_performance__gas_1993) | Genliang Guo and A.D. Evans | 1993 | [Ссылка]() |  | 03.02.2024 |

<!-- template row -->
<!-- | ${INDEX} | [${ARTICLE_NAME}](${FILE_NAME (without extension)}) | ${AUTHORS} | ${PUBLISH_YEAR} | [Ссылка](${DOI_LINK}) | ${KEYWORDS} | ${CURRENT_DATE} | -->

Commit message:

Yuan2010 (#1)
* all previous and current works brought into line with the new template

* yuan completed, joshi added

* some small updates

docs/mshfhw/productivity/main.md, after:

# Продуктивность ГС с МГРП

| № | Название  | Автор  | Год  | doi  | Кратко  | Создан  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | [Simple Analytical Model for Predicting Productivity of Multifractured Horizontal Wells](articles/2009/guo_simple_analyt_2009) | Boyun Guo; Xiance Yu; Mohammad Khoshgahdam  | 2009  | [Ссылка](https://doi.org/10.2118/114452-PA)  | есть газ, расчеты на эклипсе  | 29.01.2024  |
| 2 | [Inflow Performance of a Horizontal Well Intersecting Natural Fractures](articles/1993/guo_inflow_performance_natural_fracts_1993) | Genliang Guo and A.D. Evans | 1993 | [Ссылка](https://doi.org/10.2118/25501-MS) | однофазка; многофазка; квази-стационарное течение; аналитические формулы; упругий режим | 03.02.2024 |
| 3 | [Inflow Performance and Production Forecasting of Horizontal Wells With Multiple Hydraulic Fractures in Low-Permeability Gas Reservoirs](articles/1993/guo_inflow_performance__gas_1993) | Genliang Guo and A.D. Evans | 1993 | [Ссылка](https://doi.org/10.2118/26169-MS) | однофазка; многофазка; квази-стационарное течение; аналитические формулы; упругий режим; газ | 03.02.2024 |
| 4 | [A New Model for Predicting Inflow Performance of Fractured Horizontal Wells](articles/2010/yuan_2010) | Hong Yuan, Desheng Zhou | 2010 | [Ссылка](https://doi.org/10.2118/133610-MS) |  | 07.02.2024 |
